Marketing Analysis Business Case

Business Problem
-ShopEasy ,an online retail business, is facing reduced customer engagement and conversion rates despite launching several new online marketing campaigns.You have to conduct a detailed analysis and Identify areas for improvment in their marketing strategies.
-Points to focus
1.Reduced Customer Engagement-the number of customer interactions and engagement with the site and marketing content has benn dcresing.
2.Decreased Conversion rates - few site visitors are converting into paying customers.
3.High Marketing Expense - the ROI in Marketing campaign is decresing.
4.Need for customer feedback Analysis - Analyse the customer opinions about the product and services for insights to improve customer enegagement and conversion
5.Have to identify the areas of improvment and why the current marketing campaign did not work.
6.Analyse the customer feedback sentiments and issues , and find their needs and pain points.

Some KPIs
1.Conversion Rate- Percentage of website visitors who becomes a customer
2.Customer Engagement Rate - No of interaction with the marketing content(clicks,like,comments)
3.Average Ordervalue - Average amount spent by customers per order
4.Customer Feedback Score - Average rating from customer reviews.

Data Sources & Tables
1.Customer Journey Table - Track customer movements through the website to analyse the conversion funnel.
2.Engagement Data Table - Measure engagement with different types of content.
3.Customer Reviews Table - Analyze customer feedback to identify common themes and sentiments.
4.Customer Table - Additional information about customers.
5.Geography Table - Additional geographic information about customers.
6.Product Table - Information about the products.

GOALS
1.Increase Conversion Rates 
	-Identify factors impacting the conversion rate and provide recommendations to improve it.
	-Highlight key atages where visitors drop off and suggest improvements to optimize the conversion funnel.

2.Enhance Customer Engagement
	-Determine which types of content drive the highest engagement.
	-Analyse interaction levels with different types of marketing content to inform better content strategies.

3.Improve Customer Feedback Scores
	-Understand common themes in customer reviews and provide actionable insights.
	-Identify recurring positive and negative feedback to guide product and service improvements.

